Add docs for ESLint plugin settings and rule options (#28059)
vercel/next.js: errors/no-html-link-for-pages.md

export default Home
```

### Options

#### `pagesDir`

This rule can normally locate your `pages` directory automatically.

> If you're working in a monorepo, we recommend configuring the [`rootDir`](https://nextjs.org/docs/basic-features/eslint.md#rootDir) setting in `eslint-plugin-next`, which this rule will use to locate your `pages` directory.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
If you're working in a monorepo, we recommend configuring the [`rootDir`](/docs/basic-features/eslint.md#rootDir) setting in `eslint-plugin-next`, which `pagesDir` will use to locate your `pages` directory.
```

Reviewer: Does this first section need an example, if the second one does?

Author: We could add it here, but I worry that users would miss the details and configuration options - WDYT?

> In some cases you may also need to configure this rule directly by providing a `pages` directory. This can be a path, or an array of paths.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
In some cases, you may also need to configure this rule directly by providing a `pages` directory. This can be a path or an array of paths.
```
